# Homework 2: Functions, structs, vectors and file I/O
## Focus
* Functions
* Structs
* Vectors
* I/O
## Problem:
We will model a game of medieval times. Our world is filled with warriors. Naturally what warriors like to do is fight. To the death. So we happily let them.

Each warrior starts out with a name and a certain amount of strength. Each time he fights, he loses some strength. (He gets to keep his name.) If his opponent is stronger than he is, then he loses all of his strength, in which case he is dead, or at the very least pretty useless as a fighter. Otherwise he loses as much strength as his opponent had. Of course, if he and his opponent had the same strength then they are both losers.

Even losers are allowed to pick a fight. It doesn't require having any strength in order to do battle with someone else. Not that you stand much of a chance of winning anything, but perhaps it's worth getting beaten (again) just to have those 15 seconds of fame.

Your program will read in a file of commands. There are three types of commands:

* `Warrior` creates a new warrior with the specified name and strength.
* `Battle` causes a battle to occur between two warriors.
* `Status` lists all warriors, alive or dead, and their strengths.

A sample input file looks like:

```
Warrior Jim 42
Warrior Lancelot 15
Warrior Arthur 15
Warrior Torvalds 20
Warrior Gates 8
Status
Battle Arthur Lancelot
Battle Jim Lancelot
Battle Torvalds Gates
Battle Gates Lancelot
Status 
```
The name of the input file will be "warriors.txt". Note that the commands do not have to appear in that order. The only requirement is that a Battle command cannot appear until the specified warriors have been seen.

The Status command displays how many warriors there, then displays each one with his strength. The Warrior command does not display anything. The Battle command displays one line to says who is fighting whom and a second line to report the results, as shown below.

The output (which would display on the screen) for this file should look like:
```
There are: 5 warriors
Warrior: Jim, strength: 42
Warrior: Lancelot, strength: 15
Warrior: Arthur, strength: 15
Warrior: Torvalds, strength: 20
Warrior: Gates, strength: 8
Arthur battles Lancelot
Mutual Annihilation: Arthur and Lancelot die at each other's hands
Jim battles Lancelot
He's dead, Jim
Torvalds battles Gates
Torvalds defeats Gates
Gates battles Lancelot
Oh, NO! They're both dead! Yuck!
There are: 5 warriors
Warrior: Jim, strength: 42
Warrior: Lancelot, strength: 0
Warrior: Arthur, strength: 0
Warrior: Torvalds, strength: 12
Warrior: Gates, strength: 0 
```
## Additional notes
* For the sequence of commands, your output should looke exactly as shown above. Please don't exercise you creativity here. I'd like the graders to be able to quickly determine whether your program in fact works, before they dive in to read your code.
* The output, "He's dead, Jim", is because Jim is battling Lancelot but Lancelot, sadly, has already died. It is not meant as a phrase to be used whenever one of the participants is dead and the other is alive. Sure, in all such cases you would say "He's dead FILL_IN_THE_BLANK", where FILL_IN_THE_BLANK is the name of the person who is not dead.
* For all assignments, please use the aspects of the language that we are focusing on in the assignment. For example, in this assignment, one of the topics is the use of struct. That means we do not want you to define classes or methods, or to use data hiding — that'll all be in the next assignment. (Obviously, you shouldn't worry if you don't know what I was just talking about there.) Why the restrictions? The purpose of each assignment is to have you exercise specific technical skills. If you want to wow us with the cool stuff you have figured out that goes beyond the current syllabus, great! Come by the office and I will be happy to look at and discuss your work.
* Make good use of functions. In this program, for example, when you determine that you are looking at a Warrior command then you should call a function to handle that command. Similarly with the other commands.
* As always begin your file with a comment identifying who you are and what this program is for.
* If there are any known problems with your program include a comment explaining them. You have carefully tested your program, right?
* The program should have a "reasonable" amount of useful comments.
* The code must be well formatted. Never turn in code with bad indentation.
* All structs, functions and variables should have good names.
    * Function names should clearly identify what the function does.
    * A variable name that is a single letter, such as i, should only be used within the scope of a loop as a loop index. Ok, yes, x and y might make excellent names for referring to the coordinate of a point in 2D space.
    * `temp` is almost never a good name.
* Follow the convention that structs begin with an uppercase letter, constants are all uppercase and functions and variables begin with a lowercase letter.

## Late
This assignment will be accepted at most one day late. If it is late, there will be a 10% penalty.

## Turn in
Hand in a single cpp file, hw02.cpp, containing your program.